
What are the three ways to apply CSS to an HTML document?
Inline CSS ,Internal CSS,External CSS

How do you link an external CSS file to an HTML page?
by writting "link rel=stylesheet href="style.css(name of the CSS external file)"

Where should you place the <style> tag in an HTML file?
in head tag

What is the difference between inline and internal CSS?
Inline CSS - Written with the element only
Internal CSS - Written in html file only in the head tag under the <style> tag in an HTML file

Which CSS implementation has the highest specificity: inline, internal, or external?
external


How do you select an element with a specific ID in CSS?
by using#(name of the id)

Write a CSS rule to apply red color to all <p> elements.
p{color:red;}

Write a CSS rule to apply background color to a class named .card.
.card{
    background-color:yellow;
}

What is the difference between .title and #title selectors?
"." means   we are applying the CSS properties to class
"#" means we are applying the CSS properties to id

Which selector has more specificity: class or ID?
id because it is unique


Write a CSS rule to give a solid red border of 2px to a div.
div{
    border: 2px solid red;
}

How do you remove the border from an input element?
input{
    border:0cap;
}

Apply a different border to each side of a box using CSS.
.box{
    border-top:solid;
    border-right:dashed;
    border-bottom:groveed;
    border-left:double;
}

What does the shorthand border: 1px dashed blue; mean?
border-width of 1 px and border-style dashed and border-color will be blue

Can we use border on inline elements? What happens?



How do you make a square div appear circular using border-radius?
setting border radius to 50%

What will border-radius: 10px 20px 30px 40px; do?
set border-top-right-radius:10px ; border-bottom-right-radius:20px;border-bottom-left-radius:30px; ; border-top-left-radius:40px;
           

Write CSS to round only the top-left and bottom-right corners.
border-top-left-radius:50%;
border-bottom-right-radius:50%;

Can border-radius be applied to images?
yes

What happens if you apply border-radius to an element with an outline?


What’s the difference between margin and padding?
margin-space between the border to the outside
padding-space between the content and the inner boundary

How do you apply equal margin on all sides?
margin:30px(any value)

What will margin: 10px 20px; do?
set left and right margin to 10px
set top and bottom margin to 20px

How can you center a block element horizontally using margin?
by setting 
margin-left:auto;
margin-right:auto;

What is margin collapse? Give an example.
